WSTG-CONF-12 cover unsafe-hashes directive (#950)
OWASP/wstg: document/4-Web_Application_Security_Testing/02-Configuration_and_Deployment_Management_Testing/12-Test_for_Content_Security_Policy.md

- `unsafe-inline` directive enables inline scripts or styles making the applications susceptible to XSS attacks.
- `unsafe-eval` directive allows `eval()` to be used in the application.

> - `unsafe-hashes` directive allows us to provide inline code, by computing a SHA-256 hash of our code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `unsafe-hashes` directive allows use of inline scripts/styles, assuming they match the specified hashes.
```
